DAG deploy documentation (#1381)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deploy.md

## Options

| Option                    | Description                                                                                                                                           | Possible Values                                                  |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `<deployment-id>`         | Specify the Deployment to deploy to, bypass Deployment selection prompt                                                                               | Any valid Deployment ID                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<deployment-id>`         | Specifies the Deployment to deploy to and bypasses the Deployment selection prompt                                                                               | Any valid Deployment ID                                          |
```

## Options

| Option                    | Description                                                                        | Possible Values         |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |

> | `<deployment-id>`         | Specify the Deployment to deploy to and bypass the Deployment selection prompt     | Any valid Deployment ID |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<deployment-id>`         |  Specifies the Deployment to deploy to and bypasses the Deployment selection prompt     | Any valid Deployment ID |
```
